Greetings! I hope this message finds you well and ready for an unforgettable adventure ahead. 

We're thrilled to confirm that all arrangements for your upcoming trip are set, and your vouchers are live and ready to go on the Pickyourtrail app. To ensure a smooth experience, here's a handy guide to everything you'll need and a few final tips.

Important Documents to Carry:

Passports: Both the original and a printed copy

Flight Tickets: Printed copies

Hotel Vouchers: Printed copies

Visa Copies: Color printouts

Travel Insurance: Printed copy (if you've opted for insurance)

Flight Details: You'll be traveling on Emirates Airlines, both outbound and return, for the perfect start and end to your journey.

Baggage Allowance:

Checked Baggage: 30 kg per person

Cabin Baggage: 7 kg per person

A Few Reminders: If you have any specific seat or meal preferences, we recommend selecting these during the web check-in on Airlines' website. Meals are not included in your booking, so please make arrangements to suit your preferences if your flights are with a low-cost carrier.

Hotels :

Your Stay at
Enjoy a comfortable stay with complimentary amenities:

Breakfast and WiFi included

TripAdvisor Rating: [Add rating if known]

Since the Airport Pick up and Drop Off is provided complimentary from the HoteL. The Transfers would be on a Shared Basis only. If you wish to upgrade the Transfers to be on Pvt Basis it would be at an extra cost. (If Howard Johnson Hotel booked with us. Please drop this message)

The City Max Bur Dubai Hotel is equipped with only Queen Beds. Please note there won't be any King Bed available. (If Citymax Bur Dubai is booked)


Please be aware of the flight timings and the hotel check-in checkout time. Due to the high volume of travelers, early check-in and late checkout are usually not available. However, we recommend you to check with the hotel upon your arrival.


Check In Time: 02:00 PM & Check Out Time: 12:00 PM 


Tourism Tax in Dubai: All hotels in Dubai charge a 'Tourism Dirham Fee', payable on arrival at your hotel. The rate ranges from AED 7 to AED 20 per room, per night (Non refundable)

Activities:
All activities are arranged according to your itinerary, and I've attached your final voucher for reference. Please keep all vouchers handy throughout your trip.

Key Etiquette Guide:
Also attached is a quick guide to Dubai's cultural etiquettes. We kindly encourage you to glance through it to make the most of your travels.

Daily Updates:

You will be getting all the day to day updates in your WhatsApp Number provided at the time of Bookings 12 Hours prior to your scheduled activity Time. Driver Numbers will be shared 01hour prior to your Activity start time. 

Activity Timings:

Please find the approximate timings for your activities below. Note that these are estimated times, and we'll share exact pickup times a day in advance for each activity. 

Please Note: All the Driver's  Number will be shared 01 Hour before the Activity Pick up time mentioned below.

Abu Dhabi Activities:

Abu Dhabi City Tour +  Theme Parks:

Standard: Pickup 8:30 AM – 9:00 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  05:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Dubai Activities:

Dubai City Tour: Pickup 8:30 AM – 9:00 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  1:30 PM from Dubai Mall (Shared Transfer)

Full-Day Explore Dubai City Tour: Pickup 8:30 AM – 9:00 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  7:30 PM from Dubai Mall (Shared Transfer)

Burj Khalifa + Aquarium & Underwater Zoo:

Morning: Pickup 10:00 AM – 10:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  2:30 PM from Dubai Mall (Pillar 02)

Evening: Pickup 4:00 PM – 4:30 PM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  11:00 PM from Dubai Mall (Pillar 02)

Ski Dubai: Pickup 11:00 AM – 11:30  AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  3:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Miracle Garden & Butterfly Garden: Pickup 2:00 PM – 2:30 PM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  5:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Dubai Parks & Resorts: Pickup 11:00 AM – 11:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  7:00 PM (Shared Transfer)

Atlantis Aquaventure Waterpark: Pickup 11:00 AM – 11:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  5:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Lost Chambers Aquarium: Pickup 11:00 AM – 11:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  5:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Dubai Frame: Pickup 10:00 AM – 10:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  12:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

IMG Worlds of Adventure: Pickup 11:00 AM – 11:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  5:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Dubai Dolphinarium: Pickup 10:00 AM – 10:30 AM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  12:30 PM (Shared Transfer)

Dhow Cruise Dinner: Pickup 7:00 PM – 7:45 PM | Return Pickup from the activity area will be accordingly once the activity ends. (Shared Transfer)

Desert Safari: Pickup 3:30 PM to 4:00  PM | Return Pickup from the activity area will be accordingly once the activity ends. (Shared Transfer) 

Global Village: Pickup 4:30 PM | Return Pick up from the Activity Area at  10:00 PM (Shared Transfer)

Miracle & Global Village Combo: Pick up at 02:00 PM - 02:30 PM | Return Pick up to Global Village at 05:30 PM | Return drop off to the Hotel from Global Village at 10:00 PM.

Airport Drop off timings should be mentioned mandatorily here. 

With your trip just around the corner, here are the final details regarding your airport and activity transfers.

Important Note:

Important Instructions for Burj Khalifa & Dubai Aquarium Visit (Applicable only if you are holding a combo ticket)

Voucher image for your reference

image.png

Ticket Redemption:

Visit the Burj Khalifa Counter from Dubai Mall which is at a walkable distance to redeem your tickets.

You will receive two tickets: one for Burj Khalifa and another for the Dubai Aquarium.

Burj Khalifa Visit:

Please ensure you are in the Burj Khalifa queue before half an hour of the booked slot time to avoid any delays.

Dubai Aquarium Visit:

To visit the Dubai Aquarium activity, proceed to Dubai Mall after redeeming the tickets from the Burj Khalifa Counter to enjoy the Dubai Aquarium activity.

Important Information for Desert Safari & Dhow Cruise

Vegetarian Meal Options:

As it is an Arab country, vegetarian food options may be limited. Please refer to the attached menu card for details about the food provided during the Desert Safari and Dhow Cruise.

Infant/Senior Citizens/ Pregnant Woman Safety During Dune Bashing:

Dune bashing is not recommended for Infant/Senior Citizens/ Pregnant Woman due to safety concerns. Inform the transfer driver at the hotel to drop the concerned person with a guardian (if required) directly at the camp area, skipping the dune bashing activity.

Abu Dhabi City Tour:

Please find the BAPS Mandir link to fill a day prior

https://www.mandir.ae/visit

The above link has to register in the BAPS mandir portal for the visit pass and has to carry ID as passport for verification while entering

Note - BAPS Mandir will be closed on Monday

image.png


image.png
image.png
Airport Transfers:
Your airport transfers are scheduled according to your flight timings. Upon arrival, your driver will be waiting in the arrivals hall, holding a placard with your name for easy identification.

Return transfers have also been arranged, ensuring a smooth journey back.

To take the shuttle service(Bus) from Abu Dhabi International Airport (AUH) to Dubai (XNB - Etihad Airlines), here's what you need to know:

Upon arrival at Abu Dhabi International Airport, follow signs for the Shuttle Services. There are typically Etihad representatives in the arrivals area who can guide you to the shuttle pick-up point.

The shuttle service has a fixed schedule, with multiple daily departures. Confirm the timings in advance to coordinate with your arrival or departure time

Arrival at XNB: The shuttle will drop you off at the Etihad Travel Mall (XNB) in Dubai, which is centrally located , your driver will be waiting at XNB, holding a placard with your name for easy identification.

Transfers Waiting Time:

Shared Transfers: 5-minute waiting time

Private Transfers: 10-minute waiting time

Point to Point transfers
Note - No stops in between, whether for shared or private transfers.

If you need any timing adjustments, please notify us at least 48 hours in advance.

Attachments:
For your convenience, we've attached your final vouchers along with a guide to key etiquettes in Dubai.

As your trip approaches, we want to ensure you have all the support you need for a worry-free vacation. Here are the best ways to stay connected with us:

Need Assistance?

For any questions or assistance, simply reply to this email or raise a chat directly on the Pickyourtrail app.

24/7 Live Chat Support

Starting 3 days prior to your trip, you'll have access to our live chat feature on the app. Our support team will be available round-the-clock to assist you with any needs during your travels.

Contact Hours:
I'm personally available from 10 AM to 7 PM and am here to ensure your vacation goes smoothly, so don't hesitate to reach out!`

Note: We don't provide support via WhatsApp. For immediate assistance, please use the app for the quickest response.

Wishing you a hassle-free holiday and a wonderful day ahead!